Merge the Jammy and Noble instructions using tabs (#17)
canonical/ubuntu-for-jetson: docs/classic/installation.rst

         echo "export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/cuda-12.6/lib64\${LD_LIBRARY_PATH:+:\${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}}" >> ~/.profile

         # Logout or reboot to apply the profile change
         sudo reboot

   .. group-tab:: Noble

      .. code-block:: bash

         # CUDA
         sudo wget https://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/cuda/repos/ubuntu2404/sbsa/cuda-keyring_1.1-1_all.deb
         sudo dpkg -i cuda-keyring_1.1-1_all.deb
         sudo apt update
         sudo apt install -y nvidia-l4t-cuda cuda-toolkit-13-0

         # Tensor RT
         sudo apt install -y libnvinfer-bin libnvinfer-samples

         # cuda-samples dependencies
         sudo apt install -y cmake

         echo "export PATH=/usr/local/cuda/bin\${PATH:+:\${PATH}}" >> ~/.profile
         echo "export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/cuda/lib64\${LD_LIBRARY_PATH:+:\${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}}" >> ~/.profile

         # Logout or reboot to apply the profile change
         sudo reboot

Test your system
================

NVIDIA system management interface
----------------------------------

``nvidia-smi`` can be used to display GPU related information.

> .. image:: nvidia-smi.png

Reviewer: Nitpick:
We used to display 2 different screenshots here (jammy, noble)

    Concurrent copy and kernel execution:      	Yes with 2 copy engine(s)
    Run time limit on kernels:                 	No
    Integrated GPU sharing Host Memory:        	Yes
    Support host page-locked memory mapping:   	Yes
    Alignment requirement for Surfaces:        	Yes
    Device has ECC support:                    	Disabled
    Device supports Unified Addressing (UVA):  	Yes
    Device supports Managed Memory:            	Yes
    Device supports Compute Preemption:        	Yes
    Supports Cooperative Kernel Launch:        	Yes
    Supports MultiDevice Co-op Kernel Launch:  	Yes
    Device PCI Domain ID / Bus ID / location ID:   0 / 0 / 0
    Compute Mode:
        < Default (multiple host threads can use ::cudaSetDevice() with device simultaneously) >

    deviceQuery, CUDA Driver = CUDART, CUDA Driver Version = 12.6, CUDA Runtime Version = 12.6, NumDevs = 1
    Result = PASS

.. _CUDA sample: https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-samples/tree/master

TensorRT
^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: bash

    mkdir ${HOME}/tensorrt-samples
    ln -s /usr/src/tensorrt/data ${HOME}/tensorrt-samples/data
    cp -a /usr/src/tensorrt/samples ${HOME}/tensorrt-samples/

>     cd ${HOME}/tensorrt-samples/samples/sampleAlgorithmSelector && make

Reviewer: Here as well, there were different instructions (different sample application build, "make -j 8")
* https://canonical-ubuntu-for-jetson.readthedocs-hosted.com/classic/installation-jammy/#tensorrt
* https://canonical-ubuntu-for-jetson.readthedocs-hosted.com/classic/installation-noble/#tensorrt

    cd ${HOME}/tensorrt-samples/bin
    ./sample_algorithm_selector

> Camera (available only on Orin so far)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Camera (only tested on Orin so far)
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Prerequisites
"""""""""""""

> The following commands were tested on an IMX219 camera module connected to a Nano and NX devkit.

Reviewer: Let's take the opportunity to improve a bit the description
```suggestion
The following commands were tested on 
* LI Dual IMX274 camera module connected to a Jetson AGX Orin development kit
* IMX219 camera module connected to a Jetson Orin Nano or NX development kit.
```

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: Jammy

      .. code-block:: bash

         # Install gstreamer plugins
         sudo apt install -y gstreamer1.0-tools gstreamer1.0-alsa \
            gstreamer1.0-plugins-base gstreamer1.0-plugins-good \
            gstreamer1.0-plugins-bad gstreamer1.0-plugins-ugly \
            gstreamer1.0-libav
         sudo apt install -y libgstreamer1.0-dev \
            libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-dev \
            libgstreamer-plugins-good1.0-dev \
            libgstreamer-plugins-bad1.0-dev

   .. group-tab:: Noble

      .. code-block:: bash

         # Install gstreamer plugins
         sudo apt install -y gstreamer1.0-tools gstreamer1.0-alsa \
            gstreamer1.0-plugins-base gstreamer1.0-plugins-good \
            gstreamer1.0-plugins-bad gstreamer1.0-plugins-ugly \
            gstreamer1.0-libav nvidia-l4t-gstreamer \
            nvidia-l4t-3d-core nvidia-l4t-gbm nvidia-l4t-multimedia-openrm nvidia-l4t-video-codec-openrm
         sudo apt install -y libgstreamer1.0-dev \
            libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-dev \
            libgstreamer-plugins-good1.0-dev \
            libgstreamer-plugins-bad1.0-dev

> `Camera capture using GStreamer <https://docs.nvidia.com/jetson/archives/r36.4.3/DeveloperGuide/SD/TestPlanValidation.html#camera-capture-using-gstreamer>`_

Reviewer: Camera again: Only tested with Jammy so far

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. code-block:: bash

    # Unset DISPLAY only if running the commands from SSH or a serial console
    unset DISPLAY

    # Capture an image
    gst-launch-1.0 nvarguscamerasrc num-buffers=1 sensor-id=0 ! \
        'video/x-raw(memory:NVMM), width=(int)1920, height=(int)1080,' \ 'format=(string)NV12' ! nvjpegenc ! filesink \
        location=${HOME}/gst-frame-cam0.jpg

    # Capturing Video from the Camera and Record
    gst-launch-1.0 nvarguscamerasrc num-buffers=300 sensor-id=0 ! \
        'video/x-raw(memory:NVMM), width=(int)1920, height=(int)1080,' \
        'format=(string)NV12, framerate=(fraction)30/1' ! \
        nvv4l2h265enc bitrate=8000000 ! h265parse ! qtmux ! \
        filesink location=test.mp4

> `Transcode using GStreamer <https://docs.nvidia.com/jetson/archives/r36.4.3/DeveloperGuide/SD/TestPlanValidation.html#transcode-using-gstreamer>`_

Reviewer: Link again...

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Using a stream from the `Big Buck Bunny project <https://peach.blender.org/>`_, you can easily test the transcoding pipelines (note that Jetson Orin Nano don’t have hardware encoders and won’t be able to run these pipelines):

.. code-block:: bash

    sudo apt install unzip
    wget -nv https://download.blender.org/demo/movies/BBB/bbb_sunflower_1080p_30fps_normal.mp4.zip
    unzip -qu bbb_sunflower_1080p_30fps_normal.mp4.zip
    echo "H.264 Decode (NVIDIA Accelerated Decode) to H265 encode"
    gst-launch-1.0 filesrc location=bbb_sunflower_1080p_30fps_normal.mp4 ! qtdemux ! queue ! \
        h264parse ! nvv4l2decoder ! nvv4l2h265enc bitrate=8000000 ! h265parse ! \
        qtmux ! filesink location=h265-reenc.mp4 -e

>     echo "H.265 Decode (NVIDIA Accelerated Decode) to AV1 Encode (NVIDIA Accelerated Encode)"

Reviewer: Not appropriate for noble (Actually Thor), we need a group tab: https://canonical-ubuntu-for-jetson.readthedocs-hosted.com/classic/installation-noble/#id1

    gst-launch-1.0 filesrc location=h265-reenc.mp4 ! qtdemux ! queue ! h265parse ! nvv4l2decoder ! \
        nvv4l2av1enc ! matroskamux name=mux ! filesink location=av1-reenc.mkv -e
    echo "AV1 Decode (NVIDIA Accelerated Decode) to H.264 encode"
    gst-launch-1.0 filesrc location=av1-reenc.mkv ! matroskademux ! queue ! nvv4l2decoder ! \
        nvv4l2h264enc bitrate=20000000 ! h264parse ! queue ! qtmux name=mux ! filesink \
        location=h264-reenc.mp4 -e
    echo "H.264 Decode (NVIDIA Accelerated Decode) to AV1"
    gst-launch-1.0 filesrc location=h264-reenc.mp4 ! qtdemux ! \
        h264parse ! nvv4l2decoder ! nvv4l2av1enc ! matroskamux name=mux ! \
        filesink location=av1-reenc.mkv -e

cuDNN
^^^^^

Prerequisite
""""""""""""

.. code-block:: bash

    sudo apt install cudnn libcudnn9-samples

> `Run cuDNN Samples <https://docs.nvidia.com/jetson/archives/r36.4.3/DeveloperGuide/SD/TestPlanValidation.html#run-cudnn-samples>`_

Reviewer: Link

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Build and run the Converted sample.

.. code-block:: bash

    cd /usr/src/cudnn_samples_v9
    cd conv_sample
    sudo make -j8

    sudo chmod +x run_conv_sample.sh
    sudo ./run_conv_sample.sh

You can also try other sample applications.

NVIDIA container runtime
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can follow the `NVIDIA container test plan`_ to install and configure the `NVIDIA Container Toolkit`_ before running the JetPack container.
Try to run a previously built CUDA sample application:

.. code-block:: bash

>     sudo docker run --rm -it -e DISPLAY --net=host --runtime \

Reviewer: This is only valid for Jammy. We initially didn't find one operational for Noble/Thor, if you can find a valid one, you can document it here.

        nvidia -v /tmp/.X11-unix/:/tmp/.X11-unix  -v \
        ${HOME}/cuda-samples:/root/cuda-samples \
        nvcr.io/nvidia/l4t-jetpack:r36.3.0 \
        /root/cuda-samples/Samples/1_Utilities/deviceQuery/deviceQuery

.. _NVIDIA container test plan: https://docs.nvidia.com/jetson/archives/r36.4.3/DeveloperGuide/SD/TestPlanValidation.html#nvidia-containers
.. _NVIDIA container toolkit: https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/latest/install-guide.html#installing-the-nvidia-container-toolkit

VPI
^^^

Prerequisites for VPI
"""""""""""""""""""""

Install VPI and its sample applications

.. code-block:: bash

>     sudo apt install nvidia-vpi vpi3-samples libopencv cmake libpython3-dev python3-numpy libopencv-python

Reviewer: Wrong for Noble, the command line changed: https://canonical-ubuntu-for-jetson.readthedocs-hosted.com/classic/installation-noble/#prerequisites-for-vpi
